README.md, before:

# Moments
https://momentscards.herokuapp.com/

# Problem Statement
  - This app was designed for people to easily create digital, animated cards without spending alot of time worrying about the design or features of the card.
  - This app allows users to edit details like the sender and receipient names, customize a personal message and send a shareable, secure link to others to see without having to login.
  - The goal of this app is to encourage people to send memorable yet meaningful digital cards to others without much hassle, while saving money, time and the environment in the process.

# Technologies & Frameworks
  - Technologies: HTML/CSS, CSS Animations, Ruby, Sass & Bootstrap
  - Database & Hosting: Postgres, Heroku
  - Frameworks: React.js, Ruby on Rails

# General Approach
- Project start: 7 days to create an app
- Idea generation: Narrowed down to top 3 ideas after researching potential apps based on technologies learnt in class
- Choosing an idea: Brainstormed ideas with people from UX to determine idea relevancy and clarity of problem statement
- Worked on a simple wireframe mockup to visualize the process of a user working through the web-app
- Built version 1 of the app and got feedback from instructor, TAs and UX designers to improve the app's use
- Prioritized important features first and planned a daily schedule to recap what needs to be done each day
- Soft launch + more feedback
- Final wrap-up/clean-up and deploying to Heroku

# Installation instructions for any dependencies
- Install Ruby & Rails (latest versions)
- Install Postgres Database
- Run "bundle install"
- Check if yarn is installed : "brew install yarn"
- Check if yarn is updated: "yarn install --check-files"
- Run "db:create" & "db:migrate"
- Run "rails server" to start
- Run "./bin/webpack-dev-server" to enable React autorefresh

# Wireframes
![alt_text](https://github.com/wilfredloh/moments/blob/master/wireframe.png)

Commit message:

added new section in readme (things i learnt)

README.md, after:

# Moments
https://momentscards.herokuapp.com/

# Problem Statement / App direction
  - This app was designed for people to easily create digital, animated cards without spending alot of time worrying about the design or features of the card.
  - This app allows users to edit details like the sender and receipient names, customize a personal message and send a shareable, secure link to others to see without having to login.
  - The goal of this app is to encourage people to send memorable yet meaningful digital cards to others without much hassle, while saving money, time and the environment in the process.

# Technologies & Frameworks
  - Technologies: HTML/CSS, CSS Animations, Ruby, Sass & Bootstrap
  - Database & Hosting: Postgres, Heroku
  - Frameworks: React.js, Ruby on Rails

# General Approach
- Project start: 7 days to create an app
- Idea generation: Narrowed down to top 3 ideas after researching potential apps based on technologies learnt in class
- Choosing an idea: Brainstormed ideas with people from UX to determine idea relevancy and clarity of problem statement
- Worked on a simple wireframe mockup to visualize the process of a user working through the web-app
- Built version 1 of the app and got feedback from instructor, TAs and UX designers to improve the app's use
- Prioritized important features first and planned a daily schedule to recap what needs to be done each day
- Soft launch + more feedback
- Final wrap-up/clean-up and deploying to Heroku

# What I learnt
- Planning is crucial, so try to start earlier to have more time coding the actual app
- Prioritizing features is important, it is impossible to complete all features
- Trying to implement clean code principles (DRY and KISS) given the short amount of time needed to code
- An app's aesthetics are important to help capture and solidify a good first impression

# Installation instructions for any dependencies
- Install Ruby & Rails (latest versions)
- Install Postgres Database
- Run "bundle install"
- Check if yarn is installed : "brew install yarn"
- Check if yarn is updated: "yarn install --check-files"
- Run "db:create" & "db:migrate"
- Run "rails server" to start
- Run "./bin/webpack-dev-server" to enable React autorefresh

# Wireframe
![alt_text](https://github.com/wilfredloh/moments/blob/master/wireframe.png)
